be second with peace
how to make a compass let's put 2
200-2 tablitas these is very short I
I want to piste make it longer because it's
good if you want our 30 meters the
child compass to work 35 centimeters
we're going to make you we can double the
surfers this has two by 12 for about
good of stability we choose 22
taquitos
two taquitos and we are going to paste them
each one to its respective tip list we
we paste so in this way stuck
all right
after we have stuck it and
after it is stuck well stuck
let's make the holes
buildings that is for the screw and for
the api seen when you are stuck
we make the holes
Here we already have it.
let's move on to make the politicians of
this world
of a quarter
we make the hole for the pencil
this is not have teeth
Y
this style needs in the neighborhood has
been because we have to see
do not
the building for a carpet
our a little bit liked but now
that I've seen now and then we flip it
and we make the screw building
if we take out the service, it will be left there
we work
more from this list the young field
now let's rest the drill
we already have the hole for the pencil and
the hole for the screw after
this we go to the mountains without end other
for the sierra has been very important
sierra if you have very important friends
the civil sierra
and we can program it
we can not cut it
to connect to cut it by the
we can half do it in such a way that the
half
I clarify
he dug he regrets the cortecito then
we start
once we have made the cut by the
half once our cut by the
half and we are now available for
put the pencil
in this way and we look for a screw
that we have a screw of a gantry
we work them
this one that will give us support for the
web to go up or down the track but
we put in the
but we are and since the pencil
after this we have this screw
with tip
with point is that we are going to go through here
this the have bars to serve as axis
as
as it is main so that it is a
our circles and we have our
our tool is your tv and it 's
My friend tell him to do it because he is
very important our workshop have them and
that occurs when someone sees it and won
Well, I did tips, we have our
system
we have the pencil height as we close
and we started we marked him in the center like this
because the tool does not move us
and tells you media this I can lift
as I have the center already marked
what beauty then what happens
well then for today
We end up with
why share the knowledge
of what I have learned every day
I hope you liked it
liked these so rickety and nobodies
I'm looking forward to it here and the
who want to subscribe to the channel
Welcome, I really like art
what motivates the comments that you
send
so that another comment like how
weird but nothing, I try
answer them or see what I like
answer as many times as possible
not me
it does not fit me but the truth is that
It's very nice to share with you as
as long as they have and colombia for all
you a great greeting